I will definitely choose you.
Fine. Then I'll go back and tell my parents
We're getting married. Okay, I do.
Grandpa grandpa
I'm getting married in three days
Net nonsense
Who will marry you?
God of War Si Jingchen
Have you met the God of War?
He saved me in the karaoke booth
So handsome
Yushu Linfeng
It's the man I love
Lord War God has already fallen in love with Miss Shen
Why do you still want to marry him?
I'm not. I'm going to marry him
I'm going to marry him
Who thinks you are grandpa's granddaughter?
After three days
Let's go together to propose marriage to the God of War
How can I know that grandpa loves me the most?
That's my granddaughters. Go
Mom and Dad, I'm marrying Caution
What? What?
You're going to marry this lung
I don't agree with that.
Parents are cautious and have helped our family so much
If not for him
Are you all sitting here safe and sound?
presumptuous